README.md, before:

# arcgis-javascript-samples
These applications demonstrate reverse geocoding with [what3words](//what3words.com)  using [ArcGIS API for JavaScript](//js.arcgis.com).

#### ArcGIS API 3.20 using vector tile layer
[![app3vt screenshot](./assets/api315vt.png)](./w3w-arcgis-javascript-3.20vt.html)

#### ArcGIS API 4.0 beta 3
[![app4 screenshot](./assets/api4.png)](http://what3words.github.io/./w3w-arcgis-javascript-4.0beta.html)

#### Bootstrap-map-js and ArcGIS API 3.20
[![app screenshot](./assets/bootstrapmap.png)](./w3w-bootstrap-map-js-api-3.20.html)

#### Using ArcGIS Locator with a Proxy Page
[![app screenshot](./assets/locator.png)](./w3w-arcgis-locator-with-proxypage.html)

#### Using ArcGIS Locator with a GetToken
[![app screenshot](./assets/locator.png)](./w3w-arcgis-locator-with-gettoken.html)

### Resources
* [what3words](//what3words.com)
* [@what3words](//twitter.com/what3words)
* [ArcGIS API for JavaScript](//js.arcgis.com)
* [Bootstrap-map-js](http://esri.github.io/bootstrap-map-js/demo/index.html)
* [JQuery](//jquery.com)
* [Bootstrap](//getbootstrap.com)
* [Font-Awesome](fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)

### Issues
Find a bug or want to request a new feature? Please let us know by submitting an issue.

### Contributing
Anyone and everyone is welcome to contribute.

### Licensing
The MIT License (MIT)

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

update read me file to deprecate this repo.

README.md, after:



# [DEPRECATED] arcgis-javascript-samples
Please use [this repository](https://github.com/what3words/w3w-arcgis-javascript-samples) to learn how to integrate the what3words locator in [ArcGIS API for JavaScript](//js.arcgis.com).


------
These applications demonstrate reverse geocoding with [what3words](//what3words.com)  using [ArcGIS API for JavaScript](//js.arcgis.com).

#### ArcGIS API 3.20 using vector tile layer
[![app3vt screenshot](./assets/api315vt.png)](./w3w-arcgis-javascript-3.20vt.html)

#### ArcGIS API 4.0 beta 3
[![app4 screenshot](./assets/api4.png)](http://what3words.github.io/./w3w-arcgis-javascript-4.0beta.html)

#### Bootstrap-map-js and ArcGIS API 3.20
[![app screenshot](./assets/bootstrapmap.png)](./w3w-bootstrap-map-js-api-3.20.html)

#### Using ArcGIS Locator with a Proxy Page
[![app screenshot](./assets/locator.png)](./w3w-arcgis-locator-with-proxypage.html)

#### Using ArcGIS Locator with a GetToken
[![app screenshot](./assets/locator.png)](./w3w-arcgis-locator-with-gettoken.html)

### Resources
* [what3words](//what3words.com)
* [@what3words](//twitter.com/what3words)
* [ArcGIS API for JavaScript](//js.arcgis.com)
* [Bootstrap-map-js](http://esri.github.io/bootstrap-map-js/demo/index.html)
* [JQuery](//jquery.com)
* [Bootstrap](//getbootstrap.com)
* [Font-Awesome](fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)

### Issues
Find a bug or want to request a new feature? Please let us know by submitting an issue.

### Contributing
Anyone and everyone is welcome to contribute.

### Licensing
The MIT License (MIT)

A copy of the license is available in the repository's [license](LICENSE) file.
